Gsoc2024 post (#74)
aiidateam/aiida-website: docs/news/posts/2024-10-17-google-summer-of-code.md

---
blogpost: true
category: News
tags: summer-of-code
date: 2024-10-17
---

# AiiDA at Google Summer of Code 2024

> Although the Google Summer of Code project has ended for this year, we are proud to announce that AiiDA has successfully participated (under the [NumFOCUS](https://numfocus.org/) organization umbrella). Our summer student [Sharan Poojari](https://github.com/SharanRP) built a prototype for a [next-generation web-based AiiDA provenance explorer](https://github.com/aiidateam/aiida-explorer).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are proud to announce that AiiDA has successfully participated (under the [NumFOCUS](https://numfocus.org/) organization umbrella). 
Our summer student [Sharan Poojari](https://github.com/SharanRP) built a prototype for a [next-generation web-based AiiDA provenance explorer](https://github.com/aiidateam/aiida-explorer).
```

<img src="../pics/2024-gsoc-aiida-explorer.png" alt="2024-gsoc-aiida-explorer" height="500px">

Thank you, Sharan!

> For more details, see the [project report](https://github.com/aiidateam/aiida-explorer/blob/gsoc/gsoc/README.md). For a list of initially proposed projects, see [here](https://github.com/aiidateam/aiida-core/wiki/GSoC-2024-Projects).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more details of the outcome, see the [project report](https://github.com/aiidateam/aiida-explorer/blob/gsoc/gsoc/README.md).
```
